# 2. How will you continue learning about computer science?

Like many skills, the skills gained in computer science need to be applied to be properly learnt. The application of computer science-learnt concepts in other courses will future develop the necessary skills to be successful in computer science. It will also prepare a person to apply those concepts in a more effective manner when returning to a computer science environment. Application of concepts is not restricted to just applying concepts, creating projects, or having computer science as a hobby would also future learning of computer science. Of course a person can also continue to learn computer science through courses, and class.
I will achieve this goal by applying concepts that were learned in computer science into other classes. The concept of object oriented algorithms can be applied in science and math classes due to their instructional nature. In computer science, you use object oriented programming to call upon a recipe multiple times, similarly to in math where you call upon an equation to solve a problem multiple times. Moreover, video games that I play use version control in the creation and modification of mods , which is game modification. Games such as osu!, and kerbal space program both use github as a version control system for their mods. It is important to mention that the new game engine, unreal engine 5 is available on github. The popularity of this engine has been increased due to the accessibility of version control.

# 5. What does it mean to have good programming practices?

Our parents are always telling us to do something properly, with good form and to create good habits because they will become increasingly beneficial to the user over a long period of time. For example, while sitting, sitting with proper posture will benefit our backs in the long run, preventing pain. In coding, this is no different, a coder is taught to properly plan using pseudocode, use comments, spacing/indents, and to use version control. A coder is told to form these into habits because in the long run, the coder will be more willing to take more risk because of the version control. Moreover, they will have more readable and understandable code because of the comments, spacing and pseudocode.
My perspective on having good programming is quite positive, I see the importance of having proper practices, and I strive towards having proper habits. Like trying to maintain proper posture, I find it tasking to keep these thoughts at the back of my mind. However, I know if I continue to implement these practices, they will become less like tasks, and more like muscle memory. In this portfolio, I tried my best to implement proper programming practices such as the use of github for version control, proper space, indenting and comment. Implementing these practices allows me to seek aid from others, the neat code will allow for them to easily read the code and find the problem faster.

# 8. How does version control(GitHub) allow you to learn more about coding principles?

The fear of failure lingers in the back of the mind of humans. It is the reason for hesitation, and indecisiveness in our decisions. After all, someone only has one try at a test, one try at an exam, and one try at the finals of a sports game. It is only natural that humans get anxious. However, what if that weren't the case, what if someone could be as experimental as they wanted to be and explore new ways to solve problems. Luckily computer science has this beautiful thing called version control. Version control allows a coder to store a known functioning code. Afterwards, the coder can solve as many problems or implement as many features as they want without fear of failure. If breaking of the code does occur, then the coder can just reload an existing code again and restart the process of modifying and creating code.
I see version control as a helpful tool in learning and in professional application, as someone who prefers to learn through experimentation of what fails and what does not, having a safe version to revert back to gives me the sense of liberty, and does not restrict me to things that I know will work. Similarly, video games have save files, these save files may be right before an important boss in the story. Through failure, the player can safely come up with different strategies, and tactics to beat the boss, knowing that if they fail, they will not lose all progress. The difference between video games and coding, is that in coding, instead of beating something you know could be beaten, you are creating something, which does not always work. failure inevitably comes with failure, and having a save file for something that you are trying that may not be feasible is very important.
